        PKG_NAME=simutrans
           SPELL=${PKG_NAME}
         VERSION=0.82.15.7exp
     PKG_VERSION=0_82_15_7exp
          SOURCE=simulinux-$PKG_VERSION.tar.gz
         SOURCE2=simubase-$PKG_VERSION.zip
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=${BUILD_DIRECTORY}/${SPELL}
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://www.s-line.de/homepages/simutrans/data/$SOURCE
  SOURCE2_URL[0]=http://www.s-line.de/homepages/simutrans/data/$SOURCE2
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:d1a3fd3b21c269e0424da816c9632c0e6372045fcea87c8feec2f55a334156f6c5c6aefdb0318dfb7e81d922276c645975a201c502997dd524d6f75c4cf18509
    SOURCE2_HASH=sha512:1d169bd4a213496b1c5749929d66b5c45d8a92cedfbba00590570ce6ec043a0eb56231a206d330c03938d5f79c021df36f36fd6ba9adf3db30310ac6c2a721f4
        WEB_SITE=http://www.simutrans.de/
         ENTERED=20040422
          REJECT="is non-source"
      LICENSE[0]=freeware
       BUILD_API=2
         ARCHIVE=off
           SHORT="Transport and economic simulation. Transport Tycoon clone."
cat << EOF
Simutrans is a transport and economic simulation game. There are
versions for Linux, BeOS and Windows available. Simutrans has not
yet reached production state, but it is quite possible to build
big transport networks between the industries and cities.

The player can create bus and rail connections and transport
passengers, mail and goods in and between cities and industries.
Even passenger ferries and oil tankers are included in the game.
Goods are produced by industries from raw materials, sometimes
over many steps of intermediate products. I.e. coal and iron ore
ore needed to produce steel in a steel mill. Oil may be
transformed to plastics in a refinery. Plastics and steel are
used to build cars by the car industry. Finally the cars are sold
in the cities. Now they need gas to run, which also will be
produced at the refinery.

All goods need to be transported. This is the players task.
Transport the goods and let the industry live up. But be careful
not to destroy your environments.

Simutrans is developed by me (Hansjörg Malthaner) in my free time
as a non-commercial project. There are no warranties. You can get
it free of charge from my download page. You may make as many
copies as you like. You may distribute the copies for free,
but you may not charge for them.

Simutrans or any parts of it may not be used in any ways in
another commercial or non commercial project without written
permission of the author (Hansjörg Malthaner). 
EOF
