           SPELL=qmail
         VERSION=1.03
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://cr.yp.to/software/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[1]=ftp://ftp.net.ohio-state.edu/pub/networking/mail/qmail/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[2]=ftp://ftp.ntnu.no/pub/unix/mail/qmail/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[3]=ftp://ftp.eu.uu.net/pub/unix/mail/qmail/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[4]=ftp://ftp.jp.qmail.org/qmail/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://cr.yp.to/qmail.html
         ENTERED=20051013
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:f2cc47c3ef4a3595d5953f216811a9b60f505cf8cbfd31ae31a888ee04916936210ef1c23d59e8d280a5f0e1c3794b90ee212b2b0f36361c5eff842598c8aee2
      LICENSE[0]=http://cr.yp.to/qmail/dist.html
      LICENSE[1]=http://cr.yp.to/softwarelaw.html
          REJECT="has license issues"
           SHORT="Qmail Mail Transfer Agent"
           DOCS="$DOCS BLURB* INSTALL* INTERNALS PIC.* REMOVE.* SECURITY SENDMAIL TEST.* THANKS THOUGHTS"
cat << EOF
qmail is a secure, reliable, efficient, simple message transfer agent. It is
designed for typical Internet-connected UNIX hosts.

Secure: Security isn't just a goal, but an absolute requirement. Mail delivery
is critical for users; it cannot be turned off, so it must be completely
secure.

Reliable: qmail's straight-paper-path philosophy guarantees that a message,
once accepted into the system, will never be lost. qmail also optionally
supports maildir.

Efficient: On a Pentium under BSD/OS, qmail can easily sustain 200000 local
messages per day.

Simple: qmail is vastly smaller than any other Internet MTA. Some reasons why:
(1) Other MTAs have separate forwarding, aliasing, and mailing list mechanisms.
qmail has one simple forwarding mechanism that lets users handle their own
mailing lists. (2) Other MTAs offer a spectrum of delivery modes, from
fast+unsafe to slow+queued. qmail-send is instantly triggered by new items in
the queue, so the qmail system has just one delivery mode: fast+queued. (3)
Other MTAs include, in effect, a specialized version of inetd that watches the
load average. qmail's design inherently limits the machine load, so qmail-smtpd
can safely run from your system's inetd.

Replacement for sendmail: qmail supports host and user masquerading, full host
hiding, virtual domains, null clients, list-owner rewriting, relay control,
double-bounce recording, arbitrary RFC 822 address lists, cross-host mailing
list loop detection, per-recipient checkpointing, downed host backoffs,
independent message retry schedules, etc. qmail also includes a drop-in
``sendmail'' wrapper so that it will be used transparently by your current UAs.

NOTE: This spell installs according to DJB's required default paths.  Also, it
runs via regular init.d, with smtp provided by xinetd.  It does not yet
automatically configure itself for daemontools or ucspi-tcp.
EOF
