           SPELL=nwn
         VERSION=1.67
          SOURCE=nwresources129.tar.gz
         SOURCE2=nwclient129.tar.gz
         SOURCE3=English_linuxclient${VERSION/.}_orig.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://files.bioware.com/neverwinternights/updates/linux/$SOURCE
  SOURCE2_URL[0]=http://files.bioware.com/neverwinternights/updates/linux/$SOURCE2
  SOURCE3_URL[0]=http://files.bioware.com/neverwinternights/updates/linux/167/English_linuxclient167_orig.tar.gz
      SOURCE_GPG="gurus.gpg:${SOURCE}.sig"
     SOURCE2_GPG="gurus.gpg:${SOURCE2}.sig"
     SOURCE3_GPG="gurus.gpg:${SOURCE3}.sig"
      LICENSE[0]=
        WEB_SITE=http://nwn.bioware.com/
         ENTERED=20060815
         ARCHIVE=off
          REJECT="binary only game"
           SHORT='Neverwinter Nights client'
            DOCS="$DOCS readme.linuxserver.txt readme-SDL.txt readme.txt movies-OC.txt EULA.txt"
cat << EOF
Neverwinter Nights (NWN) is a computer game set in a huge medieval fantasy
world of Dungeons and Dragons. This role-playing game (RPG) puts you at the
center of an epic tale of faith, war, and betrayal.

As a player, you are able to choose what skills and abilities you will develop
as you voyage though the complex and dangerous fantasy world of Forgotten
Realms. Be a deadly and dangerous Rogue moving through the shadows using
stealth and secrecy, be a scholarly Wizard and wield powerful magic against
your enemies, be a hulking Barbarian whose lust for battle is matched only by
his terrible rage, be an armor-clad Paladin who protects the innocent and
vanquishes his foes, be a crusading Cleric who heals the sick and defends the
helpless? be all this and more.

Neverwinter Nights allows you to create your own worlds. This revolutionary
game will come with all the tools needed to construct your own unique lands of
adventure. The Neverwinter Nights Aurora Toolset allows even novice users to
construct everything from a quiet, misty forest or a dripping cavern of foul
evil, to a king?s court. All the monsters, items, set pieces and settings are
there for world builders to use. But do not stop there; construct traps,
encounters, custom monsters and magic items to make your adventure unique.

But the Neverwinter experience is not just for one person- adventure with all
your friends. Neverwinter Nights can be played online with up to 64 friends,
all sharing in the adventure. You can organize and run your own adventures
through the role of the Dungeon Master and control all the monsters, creatures
and characters your friends meet as they journey on their quest. A powerful
piece of software that is included with Neverwinter Nights, the DM Client,
allows nearly unlimited control for running your own adventures for your
friends.

Neverwinter Nights?endless adventure!
EOF
